README.md, before:

# PinnacleMM - Ultra-Low Latency Market Making System

![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%2B%2B-20-blue.svg)
![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-Phase%201%20Complete-brightgreen.svg)

PinnacleMM is a high-performance, production-grade market making system designed for high-frequency trading in cryptocurrency markets. Built primarily in C++ with a focus on ultra-low latency, this system achieves microsecond-level execution speeds while maintaining robust risk management capabilities.

## 🚀 Key Features

- **Ultra-Low Latency Core**: Optimized C++ engine with lock-free data structures
- **Nanosecond Precision**: High-resolution timing for accurate execution
- **Dynamic Market Making**: Adaptive bid-ask spread based on market conditions
- **Position Management**: Intelligent inventory management with customizable risk parameters
- **Exchange Simulation**: Realistic market simulation for strategy development and testing
- **Comprehensive Testing**: Extensive test suite ensuring reliability and performance

## 📊 System Architecture

PinnacleMM follows a modular, layered architecture:

- **Core Engine Layer**: Ultra-low latency components handling order book and execution
- **Strategy Layer**: Pluggable strategies for different market making approaches
- **Exchange Layer**: Connectivity to exchanges with simulation capabilities

Read more about the [system architecture](docs/architecture/system_overview.md).

## 📋 Development Roadmap

PinnacleMM is being developed in phases:

- ✅ **Phase 1 (Current)**: Core engine, basic strategy, and simulation
- 🔲 **Phase 2**: Latency optimization and exchange connectivity
- 🔲 **Phase 3**: Advanced strategies and machine learning integration
- 🔲 **Phase 4**: Risk management and production deployment

See the detailed [project roadmap](docs/roadmap.md) for more information.

## 🔧 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- C++20 compatible compiler (GCC 10+, Clang 10+, or MSVC 2019+)
- CMake 3.14+
- Boost libraries 1.72+

### Building from Source

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/chizy7/PinnacleMM.git
cd PinnacleMM

# Create build directory
mkdir build && cd build

# Configure with CMake (disable tests and benchmarks for now)
cmake .. -DBUILD_TESTS=OFF -DBUILD_BENCHMARKS=OFF

# Build the project
# For macOS:
make -j$(sysctl -n hw.ncpu)
# For Linux:
# make -j$(nproc)
```

### Running PinnacleMM

```bash
# Run in simulation mode
./pinnaclemm --mode simulation --symbol BTC-USD
```

Example output:
```
Starting PinnacleMM for BTC-USD in simulation mode
Strategy started successfully
Exchange simulator started
======================
Current time: 2025-03-06T04:04:09.799Z
Order book status:
  Best bid: 0
  Best ask: 10015.5
  Mid price: 10015.5
  Spread: 0
  Order count: 1
Strategy status:
BasicMarketMaker Statistics:
  Symbol: BTC-USD
  Running: Yes
  Position: 0.000000
  PnL: $0.00
  Quote Updates: 0
  Orders Placed: 0
  Orders Filled: 0
  Orders Canceled: 0
  Total Volume Traded: 0.000000
  Max Position: 0.000000
  Min Position: 0.000000
  Max PnL: $0.00
  Min PnL: $0.00
======================
```

For more detailed instructions, see the [Getting Started Guide](docs/user_guide/getting_started.md).

## 🐳 Docker Deployment

```bash
# Build the Docker image
docker build -t pinnaclemm .

# Run the container
docker run -d --name pinnaclemm pinnaclemm
```

## 📚 Documentation

- [System Architecture](docs/architecture/system_overview.md)
- [API Reference](docs/api/reference.md)
- [Getting Started Guide](docs/user_guide/getting_started.md)
- [Project Roadmap](docs/roadmap.md)

## 🛠️ Technology Stack

- **Core Engine**: C++20
- **Build System**: CMake
- **Testing**: Google Test
- **Performance Benchmarking**: Google Benchmark (future)
- **Concurrency**: Lock-free algorithms, std::atomic
- **Containerization**: Docker

## 📊 Performance

PinnacleMM achieves exceptional performance metrics:

- **Order Book Update Latency**: <1 μs (microsecond)
- **Order Execution Latency**: <50 μs (end-to-end)
- **Throughput**: 100,000+ messages per second
- **Memory Footprint**: <100 MB for core engine

## 🔮 Future Work (Phase 2)

- Real exchange connectivity to Coinbase, Kraken, and other major exchanges
- Kernel bypass networking using DPDK
- Memory-mapped file system for data persistence
- Advanced lock-free data structures for all critical paths
- Detailed performance benchmarking suite

## 📝 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

fix: Add spdlog/fmt dependencies and update documentation

README.md, after:

# PinnacleMM - Ultra-Low Latency Market Making System

![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%2B%2B-20-blue.svg)
![Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/status-Phase%201%20Complete-brightgreen.svg)

PinnacleMM is a high-performance, production-grade market making system designed for high-frequency trading in cryptocurrency markets. Built primarily in C++ with a focus on ultra-low latency, this system achieves microsecond-level execution speeds while maintaining robust risk management capabilities.

## 🚀 Key Features

- **Ultra-Low Latency Core**: Optimized C++ engine with lock-free data structures
- **Nanosecond Precision**: High-resolution timing for accurate execution
- **Dynamic Market Making**: Adaptive bid-ask spread based on market conditions
- **Position Management**: Intelligent inventory management with customizable risk parameters
- **Exchange Simulation**: Realistic market simulation for strategy development and testing
- **Comprehensive Testing**: Extensive test suite ensuring reliability and performance

## 📊 System Architecture

PinnacleMM follows a modular, layered architecture:

- **Core Engine Layer**: Ultra-low latency components handling order book and execution
- **Strategy Layer**: Pluggable strategies for different market making approaches
- **Exchange Layer**: Connectivity to exchanges with simulation capabilities

Read more about the [system architecture](docs/architecture/system_overview.md).

## 📋 Development Roadmap

PinnacleMM is being developed in phases:

- ✅ **Phase 1 (Current)**: Core engine, basic strategy, and simulation
- 🔲 **Phase 2**: Latency optimization and exchange connectivity
- 🔲 **Phase 3**: Advanced strategies and machine learning integration
- 🔲 **Phase 4**: Risk management and production deployment

See the detailed [project roadmap](docs/roadmap.md) for more information.

## 🔧 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- C++20 compatible compiler (GCC 10+, Clang 10+, or MSVC 2019+)
- CMake 3.14+
- Boost libraries 1.72+
- spdlog library (for structured logging)
- fmt library (for formatting, spdlog dependency)

### Building from Source

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/chizy7/PinnacleMM.git
cd PinnacleMM

# Create build directory
mkdir build && cd build

# Configure with CMake (disable tests and benchmarks for now)
cmake .. -DBUILD_TESTS=OFF -DBUILD_BENCHMARKS=OFF

# Build the project
# For macOS:
make -j$(sysctl -n hw.ncpu)
# For Linux:
# make -j$(nproc)
```

### Running PinnacleMM

```bash
# Run in simulation mode
./pinnaclemm --mode simulation --symbol BTC-USD
```

Example output:
```
Starting PinnacleMM for BTC-USD in simulation mode
Strategy started successfully
Exchange simulator started
======================
Current time: 2025-03-06T04:04:09.799Z
Order book status:
  Best bid: 0
  Best ask: 10015.5
  Mid price: 10015.5
  Spread: 0
  Order count: 1
Strategy status:
BasicMarketMaker Statistics:
  Symbol: BTC-USD
  Running: Yes
  Position: 0.000000
  PnL: $0.00
  Quote Updates: 0
  Orders Placed: 0
  Orders Filled: 0
  Orders Canceled: 0
  Total Volume Traded: 0.000000
  Max Position: 0.000000
  Min Position: 0.000000
  Max PnL: $0.00
  Min PnL: $0.00
======================
```

For more detailed instructions, see the [Getting Started Guide](docs/user_guide/getting_started.md).

## 🐳 Docker Deployment

```bash
# Build the Docker image
docker build -t pinnaclemm .

# Run the container
docker run -d --name pinnaclemm pinnaclemm
```

## 📚 Documentation

- [System Architecture](docs/architecture/system_overview.md)
- [API Reference](docs/api/reference.md)
- [Getting Started Guide](docs/user_guide/getting_started.md)
- [Project Roadmap](docs/roadmap.md)

## 🛠️ Technology Stack

- **Core Engine**: C++20
- **Build System**: CMake
- **Testing**: Google Test
- **Performance Benchmarking**: Google Benchmark (future)
- **Concurrency**: Lock-free algorithms, std::atomic
- **Containerization**: Docker

## 📊 Performance

PinnacleMM achieves exceptional performance metrics:

- **Order Book Update Latency**: <1 μs (microsecond)
- **Order Execution Latency**: <50 μs (end-to-end)
- **Throughput**: 100,000+ messages per second
- **Memory Footprint**: <100 MB for core engine

## 🔮 Future Work (Phase 2)

- Real exchange connectivity to Coinbase, Kraken, and other major exchanges
- Kernel bypass networking using DPDK
- Memory-mapped file system for data persistence
- Advanced lock-free data structures for all critical paths
- Detailed performance benchmarking suite

## 📝 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
